README.md, before:

# NAME

Dist::Zilla::Plugin::Keywords - add keywords to metadata in your distribution

# VERSION

version 0.001

# SYNOPSIS

In your `dist.ini`:

    [Keywords]
    keyword = plugin
    keyword = tool
    keywords = development Dist::Zilla

# DESCRIPTION

This plugin adds metadata to your distribution under the `keywords` field.
The [CPAN meta specification](https://metacpan.org/pod/CPAN::Meta::Spec#keywords)
defines this field as:

    A List of keywords that describe this distribution. Keywords must not include whitespace.

# CONFIGURATION OPTIONS

## `keyword`, `keywords`

One or more words to be added as keywords. Can be repeated more than once.
Strings are broken up by whitespace and added as separate words.

# SUPPORT

Bugs may be submitted through [the RT bug tracker](https://rt.cpan.org/Public/Dist/Display.html?Name=Dist-Zilla-Plugin-Keywords)
(or [bug-Dist-Zilla-Plugin-Keywords@rt.cpan.org](mailto:bug-Dist-Zilla-Plugin-Keywords@rt.cpan.org)).
I am also usually active on irc, as 'ether' at `irc.perl.org`.

# SEE ALSO

- [https://metacpan.org/pod/CPAN::Meta::Spec#keywords](https://metacpan.org/pod/CPAN::Meta::Spec#keywords)

# AUTHOR

Karen Etheridge <ether@cpan.org>

# COPYRIGHT AND LICENSE

This software is copyright (c) 2014 by Karen Etheridge.

This is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it under
the same terms as the Perl 5 programming language system itself.

Commit message:

Import of ETHER/Dist-Zilla-Plugin-Keywords-0.002 from CPAN.
gitpan-cpan-distribution: Dist-Zilla-Plugin-Keywords
gitpan-cpan-version:      0.002
gitpan-cpan-path:         ETHER/Dist-Zilla-Plugin-Keywords-0.002.tar.gz
gitpan-cpan-author:       ETHER
gitpan-cpan-maturity:     released

README.md, after:

# NAME

Dist::Zilla::Plugin::Keywords - add keywords to metadata in your distribution

# VERSION

version 0.002

# SYNOPSIS

In your `dist.ini`:

    [Keywords]
    keyword = plugin
    keyword = tool
    keywords = development Dist::Zilla

Or, in your `dist.ini`:

    [Keywords]

And in your main module:

    # KEYWORDS: plugin development tool

# DESCRIPTION

This plugin adds metadata to your distribution under the `keywords` field.
The [CPAN meta specification](https://metacpan.org/pod/CPAN::Meta::Spec#keywords)
defines this field as:

    A List of keywords that describe this distribution. Keywords must not include whitespace.

# CONFIGURATION OPTIONS

## `keyword`, `keywords`

One or more words to be added as keywords. Can be repeated more than once.
Strings are broken up by whitespace and added as separate words.

If no configuration is provided, the main module of your distribution is
scanned for the _first_ `# KEYWORDS:` comment.

# SUPPORT

Bugs may be submitted through [the RT bug tracker](https://rt.cpan.org/Public/Dist/Display.html?Name=Dist-Zilla-Plugin-Keywords)
(or [bug-Dist-Zilla-Plugin-Keywords@rt.cpan.org](mailto:bug-Dist-Zilla-Plugin-Keywords@rt.cpan.org)).
I am also usually active on irc, as 'ether' at `irc.perl.org`.

# SEE ALSO

- [https://metacpan.org/pod/CPAN::Meta::Spec#keywords](https://metacpan.org/pod/CPAN::Meta::Spec#keywords)

# AUTHOR

Karen Etheridge <ether@cpan.org>

# COPYRIGHT AND LICENSE

This software is copyright (c) 2014 by Karen Etheridge.

This is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it under
the same terms as the Perl 5 programming language system itself.
